# NOTICE

The limited permissions granted below are perpetual and will not be
revoked.

## JSON-RPC 2.0 Specification

Copyright © 2007-2010 by the JSON-RPC Working Group

This document and translations of it may be used to implement
JSON-RPC, it may be copied and furnished to others, and derivative
works that comment on or otherwise explain it or assist in its
implementation may be prepared, copied, published and distributed, in
whole or in part, without restriction of any kind, provided that the
above copyright notice and this paragraph are included on all such
copies and derivative works. However, this document itself may not
bemodified in any way.

This document and the information contained herein is provided "AS IS"
and ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED are DISCLAIMED, INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY THAT THE USE OF THE INFORMATION HEREIN
WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY RIGHTS OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

## The MIT License

Copyright © 2023 Luxcium✨ (Benjamin Vincent)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
